fix(docs): handle backwards compatibility for devModeEnabled (#6835)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/long-aliens-act.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Prevented JSON parsing errors by safely handling legacy devModeEnabled values in localStorage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevented JSON parsing errors by safely handling legacy `devModeEnabled` values in local storage.
```
